Adding troubleshooting docs for spurious ML job closure issue (#1802)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/anomaly-detection/ml-troubleshooting.asciidoc

Use the information in this section to troubleshoot common problems and known
issues.

[discrete]
[[ml-avoid-upgrade-closures]]

> == Avoiding spurious {anomaly-job} closures on upgrade

Reviewer: > == Avoiding spurious {anomaly-job} closures on upgrade

I am uncertain which meaning of spurious is intended here. Could we simplify with a word like "unnecessary" or "problematic"?

Author: How about "unintended"?

Reviewer: That's great, I'll make that change here.

> When you perform a rolling upgrade to _or_ from versions

Reviewer: I think it would be helpful to point folks to the instructions for rolling upgrades:
```suggestion
When you perform a {ref}/rolling-upgrades.html[rolling upgrade] to _or_ from versions
```

7.14.0 or 7.14.1 you may find that {anomaly-jobs} that
were `opened` during the upgrade incorrectly end up
`closed` after the upgrade.

*Symptoms:*

* Some (but not necessarily all) {anomaly-jobs} that were
  in the `opened` state before the upgrade show as `closed`

>   after upgrade.

Reviewer: > after upgrade.

The issue also mentioned "Job ended up blocked with revert". I presume that's the blocked property mentioned in 
https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/7.14/ml-get-job.html. Should it be mentioned as a symptom of the problem here too?

Author: Good point, it should.

And also I missed:

> The only way to recover from this state is to manually revert to the model snapshot with ID `empty`

out of the remediation steps.

That makes this problem _far_ worse if it really is the only way to recover.  I need to check if reverting to the same model snapshot that the block mentions is an alternative, and add one or the other to the remediation steps.

Reviewer: Thanks! For now I've added a blurb about the "blocked" property in c3fd7b9d1b4d2e4ff62e2ba4edaa71555003565e

* The {dfeed} associated with a `closed` {anomaly-job} is
  in the `started` state - this combination should be
  impossible.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

*Resolution:*
```

To avoid this problem, enable {ml} upgrade mode before

> starting your rolling upgrade, and disable it once the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you start the rolling upgrade and disable it after the
```

rolling upgrade is complete. Do not enable and disable
{ml} upgrade mode more than once; enable it before
upgrading the first node of the rolling upgrade and
disable it after upgrading the last node. It is only

> safe to enable {ml} upgrade mode again once all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
safe to enable {ml} upgrade mode again after all
```

{anomaly-jobs} that were `opened` have been assigned to

> nodes and fully recovered, and this may take 30 minutes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nodes and fully recovered; this may take 30 minutes
```

Use the information in this section to troubleshoot common problems and known
issues.

[discrete]
[[ml-avoid-upgrade-closures]]

> == Avoiding spurious {anomaly-job} closures on upgrade

Author: ```suggestion
== Avoiding unintended {anomaly-job} closures on upgrade
```
